Device agent docs (#105)
foxglove/docs: docs/12-on-device-agents/0-introduction.md

---
title: Introduction
description: An On-Device Agent is a Foxglove process that runs on your robot. It's designed to monitor the robot's filesystem for logs and notify the Foxglove control plane when recordings are available for import. As with a Edge Site, you control which recordings are imported and when by selecting them for import.
---

import AccountRequiredHeader from "../../src/components/docs/icons/AccountRequiredHeader";

<AccountRequiredHeader badgeText="Requires Enterprise plan" />

> An On-Device Agent is a Foxglove process that runs on your robot. It's designed to monitor the robot's filesystem for logs and notify the Foxglove control plane when recordings are available for import. As with a Edge Site, you control which recordings are imported and when by selecting them for import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An On-Device Agent is a Foxglove process that runs on your robot. It's designed to monitor the robot's filesystem for new recordings and notify the Foxglove control plane when they are available for import. As with a Edge Site, you use Foxglove to control which recordings are imported and when.
```
